what is going on guys my name is MJ and
i'm bringing you guys some i'm not
really sure what can play yet because
actually i'm recording this before i
recorded the gameplay which is a first
so the audio might sound a little bit
different because i'm actually using
garageband to record the voice over and
usually the thing with GarageBand on my
computer is that when i record it in the
program itself it sounds fantastic but
then when i export and import it into
imovie over the gameplay it usually
sounds a little bit fuzzy and strange so
this could go either way because i'm not
really sure i don't have too much
experience with GarageBand but hopefully
it sounds alright but today i wanted to
talk about something that I wanted to
talk about for a while now and that is
raw instinct because a lot of you guys
found my channel through my raw instinct
video talking about how he screwed me
over with the whole modern warfare 3
double XP thing and it didn't give me
what he said he would give me in return
we had a whole deal worked out if you
didn't know and my question to you today
is do you think he's going to be coming
back because he hasn't made a video in 3
months 3 months i almost said three
months um which is pretty crazy because
i'm pretty sure he used to actually post
at least twice a week or at least once a
week at that and three months to not be
posting a video to your 200,000
subscribers is crazy I can't even
imagine doing that and I know that I
took like a month break but that's just
I actually had a reason I didn't just
run away from YouTube because I got
chased off by a bunch of haters and all
that stuff but my opinion is yes I think
he will be coming back and I think it's
gonna be very soon if you go to his
Twitter page actually he actually post
something saying guess who's back back
again I'm assuming he took that from
that Eminem song without me but um yeah
I think he's gonna be coming back for
black ops 2 now whether or not gonna be
posting hip videos that's that's beyond
me because I'm not really sure I don't
know what he plans on doing because I
don't know either way he's gonna come
back and he's gonna get he's gonna get
slammed with
again hey god I can't talk to am sorry
I'm just I'm fucking exhausted I just
got through a hurricane I'm over here in
Rhode Island and my power has been out
for three days I went through three Game
Boy lifespans I played my gameboy SP
until it ran out of battery then I
played my game boy color till it ran out
of battery then I played my other game
boy color till it ran out of battery but
yeah my power just got on like 20
minutes ago but I just wanted to hear
you guys opinion on this because I don't
know what he's gonna do but you got to
look at it from a business standpoint
not for me like dislike ratio standpoint
because either way we all know that if
you post a video there's a lot of money
to be made there there is a lot because
if he has two hundred thirty thousand
subscribers that's a lot of potential
cash right there and that's probably
what he's gonna be doing when he comes
back he's probably just gonna be whoring
the shit out of his channel in black ops
2 comes out misleading titles and all
that good stuff but where the fuck are
you max what do you been doing and a lot
of people are saying that he's been in a
university because he went to college
but I don't know I feel as if college
isn't as stressful as it seems now
correct me if I'm wrong because I have
zero experience in college as I'm only a
junior in high school but from what my
21 year old brother tells me he has a
lot of free time I'm pretty sure he only
has a few classes a week he doesn't have
classes every day nor did the classes
last all day but he usually just has a
few classes a day and then you know if
he's dumb he can do whatever the fuck he
wants but I don't know I I shouldn't
really be talking because I'm over here
complaining about my junior year in high
school but I do have a lot going on in
my three new year actually I'm working
on my junior project which is weird i
know not a lot of schools actually have
junior projects most of them only have
senior projects but essentially what my
junior project is about is actually
video games and their impact on the
level of violence and children which is
a pretty interesting topic and I was
thinking that I could actually read my
essay to you guys when I complete it and
thought that would be pretty cool
commentary and
hopefully I get a good great if I get a
bad grade on the paper I'm probably not
gonna read the fucking thing to you
because it'll be shitty but so far it's
it's seven pages of pure gold in my
opinion so if you want to hear that
leave that in the comments section below
and I'll actually do that when I get it
back and grade it and it should be good
anyways guys sorry if my voice just got
out there my cat just jumped on my
fucking lap like a psychopath but um
yeah raw in sync where the fuck are you
I'm out peace
you